N power usa 
The Empowerment Program is built to raise capital for idealistic citizens and minimize the rate of proverty in the country.
The Program is designed to target US citizens between the ages of 18 and 45 "to acquire and think great ideas on how to productivity and also contibutes to the welfare of the society."

By deploying a force of 200,000 with great ideas on how to start up a business with capital being provided, the Empowerment Program is a community that bring up citizens with great ideas and potential to start up a private owned company. 


Purpose
The Program is built to make US citzens a business owners and new school CEOs by helping equip youths with skills, certifications and ideas for emerging global markets 
Empowerment is based both on graduates programs and non graduates programs



EMPOWERMENT Graduate Programs
Green plant sprouting
N-Agro
N-Power Agro is the program designed to provide services to farmers across the country. Part of the focus is to support the development of efficient farming techniques and practices to maximize productivity in the agricultural sector.

The other side of the program provides technological and institutional development to farming communities in rural areas, places where the public service sector is particularly underrepresented. By creating a stronger link between rural and urban communities and centralizing the knowledge base while incorporating local knowledge and practices, the N-Power Agro program is built to link the diverse communities of Nigeria while promoting a modern economy.

Man in brown suit writing on a black board
Education
The N-Power Teach program helps improve basic education in Nigerian communities. Volunteers are deployed as teachers assistants in primary schools where they engage with students to foster relationships and build confidence while supporting their educational development. In addition, these volunteers bring education solutions to underserved communities, helping the most marginalized members of their communities get access to the education they need to participate in the modern workforce.

As part of this program volunteers help implement STEM programs in primary schools with a particular focus on computer science, engineering, applied mathematics, and other tech information knowledge.

Health workers in full kit checking test results in lab
Health
The N-Power Health Program deploys volunteers to provide care with a focus on preventative measures and the most vulnerable, including pregnant women and children. By increasing access to basic health services in underserved communities the N-Power Health Program serves the double purpose of increasing the overall well-being of millions of citizens and supporting the development of healthcare infrastructure with community-based solutions.

N-POWER Non-Graduate Programs
Black Man in long sleeve shirt writing something down
N-Power Knowledge
The N-Power Knowledge programme is the Federal Government’s first step towards diversifying to a knowledge economy. This programme will work alongside the planned eight innovation hubs across the country to provide incubation and acceleration of the technology and creative industries. The programme is a ‘Training to Jobs’ initiative, essentially ensuring that participants can get engaged in the marketplace in an outsourcing capacity, as freelancers, as employees and as entrepreneurs.

It comprises of N-Creative, N-Tech Hardware, N-Tech Software

Construction workers gathered in the orange vest
N-Power Build
N-Power Build is an accelerated training and certification (Skills to Job) programme that will engage and train 75,000 young unemployed Nigerians in order to build a new crop of skilled and highly competent workforce of technicians, artisans and service professionals.

The focus industries include:
Building Services
Utilities
Construction
Automotive
Built Environment Services
Aluminium and Gas